Memory Game

This is a simple memory game built using javaFx. It was my first program that actually utilized the concepts of OOP. After going back over it, I noticed several improper uses of my methods and variables which could have dramatically shortened the code and made it clearer for anyone else who may have needed to look at it. However, I was pretty happy with how this one turned out considering I was totally new to javaFx and only had a few days to complete it. 
My favorite feauture of the program is the on screen keyboard. I made it using a gridPane and setting the buttons(keys) within the grid. The most complicated button to make was the backspace key. It took me some time to think through how it should work in the program, and which methods would be best to accomplish the task. I ended up using the StringBuilder() to copy and edit text when it was clicked. It took a while to get it correct, but it works like a charm (for this program anyway). With a little tweaking the keyboard could be more portable, but as it is my first, I will leave like it is. 
As for the game, it is quite simple in design. After agreeing to start the game you are presented with a sequence of 4 single digit numbers to memorize. If you are successful, you will be presented with a sequence of 5 numbers. Play progresses in this fashion, adding one more number to memorize each time you are successful. When you finally make a mistake, the program will tell you so, and give you the total number of correct sequences you memorized for the round while also showing the highest score for the session, that is if you played more than one round. 
My biggest failure in this program was not changing the color of the numbers as they are displayed. This creates a problem if you get the same two numbers back-to-back such as, 3-2-2-8. When the same numbers are displayed back-to-back, the player will see one number for twice as long as normal on the screen! I attempted to fix the problem but with my limited knowledge of the javaFx Classes, and the fact that I was running out of time to turn in the project, I was helpless... It does, however, make me laugh when it happens to me because I remeber how frantic I was in trying to fix the problem and then hoping that, if my instructor actually played the game, he wouldn't get two of the same numbers in a row!
